update the docs according IPv6 changes on node17+ (#783)
chimurai/http-proxy-middleware: README.md

Check out [interception recipes](https://github.com/chimurai/http-proxy-middleware/blob/master/recipes/response-interceptor.md#readme) for more examples.

## Issues over IPv6 and localhost
From Node 17+: `For dns lookups, Node.js no longer prefers IPv4 over IPV6`.
That said, `localhost` is not a valid hostname to proxy to, since it's only exists on IPv4.
It will probably affect your development environment (if not already), and the easiet ways to avoid this problem are:
1. Replace all proxy to `localhost` into proxy to `127.0.0.1`

> 2. (Not recommended) Add this flag when running node on locally: `node index.js --dns-result-order=ipv4first`

Reviewer: This does not match my understanding of how it works: https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40702#issuecomment-1103623246

Author: @lydell rephrased.

Author: @chimurai updated.

Check out [interception recipes](https://github.com/chimurai/http-proxy-middleware/blob/master/recipes/response-interceptor.md#readme) for more examples.

## Node.js 17+: Issues over IPv6 and localhost ([#705](https://github.com/chimurai/http-proxy-middleware/issues/705))

> From Node.js 17+: `For dns lookups, Node.js no longer prefers IPv4 over IPV6`.

Reviewer 2: @lydell Could you review this updated description?

I'll merge this PR, if this matches your understanding of the new node17+ behaviour.

Thanks in advance!

> ## Node.js 17+: Issues over IPv6 and localhost ([#705](https://github.com/chimurai/http-proxy-middleware/issues/705))
> 
> From Node.js 17+: `For dns lookups, Node.js no longer prefers IPv4 over IPV6`.
> E.g. It's **not** guaranteed `localhost` will be resolved to `127.0.0.1`. (Can be either `127.0.0.1`, `::1` or some other IP-address).
> 
> To solve it:
> 
> - Change `target: http://localhost` to `target: http://127.0.0.1` (IPv4).
> - Add this flag when running node locally: `node index.js --dns-result-order=ipv4first`. (Not recommended)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Node.js 17+: ECONNREFUSED issue with IPv6 and localhost ([#705](https://github.com/chimurai/http-proxy-middleware/issues/705))

Node.js 17+ no longer prefers IPv4 over IPv6 for DNS lookups.
E.g. It's **not** guaranteed that `localhost` will be resolved to `127.0.0.1` – it might just as well be `::1` (or some other IP address).

If your target server only accepts IPv4 connections, trying to proxy to `localhost` will fail if resolved to `::1` (IPv6).

Ways to solve it:

- Change `target: "http://localhost"` to `target: "http://127.0.0.1"` (IPv4).
- Change the target server to (also) accept IPv6 connections.
- Add this flag when running `node`: `node index.js --dns-result-order=ipv4first`. (Not recommended.)

> Note: There’s a thing called [Happy Eyeballs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Happy_Eyeballs) which means connecting to both IPv4 and IPv6 in parallel, which Node.js doesn’t have, but explains why for example `curl` can connect.

```
